February 26 fcon)

diamond" and he yelled back, colossal, in a volce that should
have come from a Pole, "You like?" and asking me 1f I wanted
brandy, and me yelling yes and backing into the next room past
the smug shining blub face of dear Bert, looking as if he had
delivered at least nine or ten babies, and bang the door was

shut and he was sloshing brandy into a glass and I was sloshing
it at the place wmm where my mouth was when I las knew about it.

We shouted as if in a high wind, about the review, and he saying
Dan knew I was beautiful, he wouldn't have written it about a
cripple, and my yelling drotest in which the words "sleep with
the editor" escurred with startling feequency. And then it
came to the fact that I was all there, wasn't I, and I stamoed
and screamed yes, and he had obligations in the next room, and
he was working in London, earning ten pounds a week so he could
later earn twelve pounds a week, and I was stamping and he was
stampBng on the floor, and then he kissed me bang smash on the
mouth and ripped my hairband off, my lovely red hairband scarf
which has weathered the sun and much love, and whose like I
shall never again find, and my favorite silver earrings: hah, I
shall keep, he barked. And when he kissed my neck I bit him
long and hard on the cheek, and when we came out of the room,
blood was running down his face. His poem "I did it, I." Such
violence, and I can see Mow women lie down for artists. The one
man in the room who was as big as his poems, huge, with hulk
and dynamic chunks of words; his poems are strong and blasting
like a high wind in steel girders. And I screamed in myself,
thinking: oh, to give myself crashing, fighting, to you. The
one man since I've lived who could blast Richard.

And now I sit here, demure and tired in brown, slightly sick
at heart. I shall zo on. I shall write a detalled descriotionm
of shock treatment, tight, blasting short descriptions with
not one smudge of coy sentimentality, and when I get enough

I shall send them to Bavid Ross. There will be no hurry,
because I am too desperately vengeful now. But I will pile them
up. I thought about the shock treatment description last night:
the deadly sleep of her madness, and the breakfast not coming,
the little detalls, the flashback to the shock treatment that
went wrong: electrocution brought in, and the inevitable

going down the subterranean hall, waking to a new world, with
no name, being born again, and not of woman.

I shall never see him again, and the thorny limitations of the
day crowd in like the spikes on the gates at Jueens last night:

I could never sleep with him anyway, with all his friends here
and his close relation to them, laughing, talking, I should

be the world's whore, as well as Roget's strumoet. I shall never
gee him, he will never look for me. He sald my name, Sylvia,

and banged a black grinning look into my eyes, and I would like
to try Just this wnce, my force against his. But he will never
come, and the blonde one, pure and snug and favored, looks, 1s
it with projected nity and disguattat this drunken amowhhl Â¢ slut.

But Hamish was very kind and would have fought for me. It =Zave
him a kind of glory to take me away from them, thosd fiends,
and I am worth fighting for, I had been nice, to him, he said.
